Could it be that I read it wrong?
You really let me down
That's all.
armchair talk
It's hard to be an adult after all
Your Majesty
Lord Shangguan sent someone to send a letter quickly
There is no need for underground relatives to be more than that
Lord Gu also sent someone to send a memorial here
And specifically asked
This memorial requires underground relatives to be called imperial historians
Could it be that Linjiang City has aroused public anger?
Hahahahaha
I really didn't see the wrong person.
The sword officials from Yushitai have been disgusted with me these days.
I must have a good day tomorrow
This memorial
You don't need to copy.
Let's all go down
Food prices fell 1.50 million day
Even down to 50 trillion
What a grandson of Duke Ding
I still underestimate
Hey, I'm finally back after so much tossing
This time I must relax
How can it be called tossing?
This is about doing things for big money.
Officials should do their best for the people
dead
This is a great honor
Lord Shangguan is right
As long as Lord Shangguan is happy
High official responsibility in history
Your Majesty has a purpose
This morning
His Majesty wants to summon
Your Majesty is here